README.md, before:

# Laravel Conceal

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/by-@kielabokkie-lightgrey.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/kielabokkie)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal/run-tests/master?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal/actions)
[![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE.md)

This package allows you to conceal sensitive data in arrays and collections.

Once installed you can do things like this:

```php
$data = [
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => 'secret'
];

$hide = ['password'];

$output = conceal($data, $hide);
```

Which will return the array with the password concealed:

```php
[
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => '********'
]
```

## Installation

Install the package via composer:

```
composer require kielabokkie/laravel-conceal
```

## Package configuration

This package has minimal configuration. All you can do at the moment is set the keys that are concealed by default. If you want to add your own defaults you can do that by publishing the config file by running the following command:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Kielabokkie\LaravelConceal\ConcealServiceProvider"
```

These are the contents of the file that will be published at `config/conceal.php`:

```php
return [
    /*
     * Array of keys that will be concealed automatically.
     */
    'defaults' => [
        'password',
        'password_confirmation',
    ]
];
```

## Usage

Use the defaults configuration to conceal the password:

```php
$data = [
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => 'secret'
];

$output = conceal($data);
print_r($output);

// Outputs: ['username' => 'wouter', 'password' => '********']
```

Set keys on the fly:

```php
$data = [
    'api_key' => 'secret'
];

$hide = ['api_key'];

$output = conceal($data, $hide);
print_r($output);

// Outputs: ['api_key' => '********']
```

Commit message:

Up minimum Laravel requirement to 5.7

README.md, after:

# Laravel Conceal

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/by-@kielabokkie-lightgrey.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/kielabokkie)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal/run-tests/master?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal/actions)
[![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/kielabokkie/laravel-conceal)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE.md)

This package allows you to conceal sensitive data in arrays and collections. It works with Laravel 5.7 or higher.

Once installed you can do things like this:

```php
$data = [
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => 'secret'
];

$hide = ['password'];

$output = conceal($data, $hide);
```

Which will return the array with the password concealed:

```php
[
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => '********'
]
```

## Installation

Install the package via composer:

```
composer require kielabokkie/laravel-conceal
```

## Package configuration

This package has minimal configuration. All you can do at the moment is set the keys that are concealed by default. If you want to add your own defaults you can do that by publishing the config file by running the following command:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Kielabokkie\LaravelConceal\ConcealServiceProvider"
```

These are the contents of the file that will be published at `config/conceal.php`:

```php
return [
    /*
     * Array of keys that will be concealed automatically.
     */
    'defaults' => [
        'password',
        'password_confirmation',
    ]
];
```

## Usage

Use the defaults configuration to conceal the password:

```php
$data = [
    'username' => 'wouter',
    'password' => 'secret'
];

$output = conceal($data);
print_r($output);

// Outputs: ['username' => 'wouter', 'password' => '********']
```

Set keys on the fly:

```php
$data = [
    'api_key' => 'secret'
];

$hide = ['api_key'];

$output = conceal($data, $hide);
print_r($output);

// Outputs: ['api_key' => '********']
```
